feat(sort-array-values): add `key` option to sort object arrays by property (#519)
ota-meshi/eslint-plugin-jsonc: docs/rules/sort-array-values.md

  - Array ... Defines an array of values to enforce the order.
    - String ... Defines the value.
    - Object ... The object has the following properties:

>       - `valuePattern` ... Defines a pattern to match the value, or the value at `order.key` when it is set. Default is to match all.

Author: ```suggestion
      - `valuePattern` ... Defines a pattern to match the value, or the value at `order.key`, when defined. Default behavior matches the logic to all values.
```

I’m thinking maybe this is clearer than my original? @ota-meshi which is your preference?

Reviewer: I think the new text you proposed is very good! Thanks!

  - Array ... Defines an array of values to enforce the order.
    - String ... Defines the value.
    - Object ... The object has the following properties:

>       - `key` ... Compares object elements by the value of this property. Default is to compare the element value itself.

Reviewer: Thank you for making changes to this PR!
It looks good overall, but looking at the optional schema (`OrderObject`), I feel that placing the `key` option under `order.key`—rather than at this level—would be more consistent with the object-style options.
What do you think?

Author: Oh yes, that's a great point and is very logical. I can make that update.

      - `"desc"` ... Enforce values to be in descending order.
    - `caseSensitive` ... If `true`, enforce values to be in case-sensitive order. Default is `true`.
    - `natural` ... If `true`, enforce values to be in natural order. Default is `false`.
    - `key` ... Sorts an array of objects by the value of this property. Elements that lack the property are handled by `missingKey`. Default is to compare the element value itself.

>     - `missingKey` ... Defines how to handle elements that lack the `key` property. Used only with `key`.

Reviewer: Are you requesting the `missingKey` option?
If you're not requesting it, I don't think this option is necessary at the moment (it's always fine to skip it).
Before adding the option, I'd like to hear specific examples of users who might be requesting it.

Author: Okay, no problem. What behavior would you like to default to if there isn't a key matching in the object? Sort to the end?

Reviewer: I think it's best to skip it.

Author: Updated based on this feedback. Thanks!
